Update replication configuration for PG12+ (#993)
timescale/docs: timescaledb/how-to-guides/replication-and-ha/configure-replication.md

    ```
    The -W flag prompts you for a password. If you are using this command in an
    automated setup, you might need to use a [pgpass file][pgpass-file].
1.  When the backup is complete, create a [standby.signal][postgres-recovery-docs]

>     file in your data directory, and set the appropriate permissions. 

Reviewer: What are the appropriate permissions?

Reviewer: Ah, it is given below, but might be good to write here as well.

Author: Absolutely! Thanks @mkindahl. Just want to double check with you that `0600` is the appropriate permissions level? Those were the permissions for `recovery.conf`, but after trawling the PostgreSQL docs, I've seen nothing about whether that's still the case for `standby.signal`.

>     file in your data directory, and set the appropriate permissions. 

Author: ```suggestion
    file in your data directory, and set user read and write permissions. 
```
